onChanged callback object content clarification (#31227)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/storage/onchanged/index.md

{{AddonSidebar}}

> Fired when {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}}, {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.remove','storageArea.remove')}}, or {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.clear','storageArea.clear')}} executes against a storage area, returning details of the changed keys. A callback is called only when there are changes to the underlying data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fired when {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}}, {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.remove','storageArea.remove')}}, or {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.clear','storageArea.clear')}} executes against a storage area, returning details of only changed keys. A callback is called only when there are changes to the underlying data.
```

> Fired when {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}}, {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.remove','storageArea.remove')}}, or {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.clear','storageArea.clear')}} executes against a storage area, returning details of the changed keys. A callback is received only when there are changes to the underlying data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fired when {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}}, {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.remove','storageArea.remove')}}, or {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.clear','storageArea.clear')}} executes against a storage area, returning details of the changed keys. A callback is called only when there are changes to the underlying data.
```

> > **Note:** In Firefox, the information returned includes all keys within the storage area {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}} ran against. Also, a callback may be invoked when there is no change to the underlying data. Details of the changed items are found by examining each returned key's {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageChange')}} object. See [Firefox bug 1833153](https://bugzil.la/1833153).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In Firefox, the information returned includes all keys within the storage area {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}} ran against whether they changed or not. Also, a callback may be invoked when there is no change to the underlying data. Details of the changed items are found by examining each returned key's {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageChange')}} object. See [Firefox bug 1833153](https://bugzil.la/1833153).
```

> > **Note:** In Firefox, the information returned includes all keys within the storage area {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}} ran against. Also, receiving a callback is possible when there is no change to the underlying data. Details of the changed items are found by examining each returned key's {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageChange')}} object. See [Firefox bug 1833153](https://bugzil.la/1833153).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** In Firefox, the information returned includes all keys within the storage area {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageArea.set','storageArea.set')}} ran against. Also, a callback may be invoked when there is no change to the underlying data. Details of the changed items are found by examining each returned key's {{WebExtAPIRef('storage.StorageChange')}} object. See [Firefox bug 1833153](https://bugzil.la/1833153).
```
